# Crash analysis

This topic describes the features available on the Crash Analysis page of App Monitoring. This page helps you to view crash data and quickly troubleshoot issues.

## Prerequisites

[Create an app monitoring task](/intl.en-US/App monitoring/Create an app monitoring task.md)

## Procedure

1.  Log on to the [ARMS console](https://arms-intl.console.aliyun.com/).
2.  In the left-side navigation pane, click **App Monitoring**.
3.  On the App monitoring page, click the name of the app.
4.  In the top navigation bar, **Crash Analysis**, **Performance Analysis**, and **Remote Logs** buttons are displayed. Click each button and then you can select the subfeatures.

## Overview

The Overview page allows you to view the summary of and analyze the crash information of apps.

The Overview page contains the Today Risks, Crash Trend, Top 10 Issues and Alerts tabs:

-   **Today Risks**: Four statistical dimensions are provided: New Exceptions Today, Exceptions of Over 50% of All, Exceptions Up 20% Against Yesterday, and Metrics Up 20% Against Yesterday.
    -   Statistical data is also displayed in a list, such as version, exception type, exceptions of each type, affected users, affected devices, and executable operations.
-   **Crash Trend**: Data is displayed in four dimensions in a line or bar chart.
    -   **Real-time**: displays the change trend of crash rate.

        You can filter data by selecting values from the App Version, [Crash Metric](), and Time Range drop-down lists.

    -   **Comparison by Day**: displays the number \(in the bar chart\) and ratio \(in the line chart\) of crashes per day during the specified time period.

        You can filter data by selecting values from the App Version, Crash Type, and Date Range drop-down lists.

        The [Crash Metrics]() of each day are displayed in a list.

    -   **Comparison by Version**: displays the number \(in the bar chart\) and ratio \(in the line chart\) of crashes for different versions on the specified day.

        You can filter data by selecting values from the App Version, Crash Type, and Date drop-down lists.

        The [Crash Metrics]() of each version on the specified day are displayed in a list.

    -   **Comparison by Region**: the bar chart and line chart of the crash rate for each region where the App is deployed.

        You can filter data by selecting values from the App Version, Crash Type, and Date drop-down lists.

        The [Crash Metrics]() of each region on the specified day are displayed in a list.

-   **Top 10 questions**: displays top 10 issues of each crash types on the specified day, and the changes against the previous day.

    After you click the crash issue, you can view the following information on the details page:

    -   **Issue Analysis**

        Displays the number of crashes on different days in a line chart.

        You can also view call stack code and the data of different features, and switch between the pie chart and list.

    -   **Crash List**

        Displays basic crash information, crash stack, memory information, storage information, and Consolelog.

    -   **Association & Aggregation**

        Displays the associated exceptions, exception states, and executable operations.

-   **Alerts**

    Displays the information of alerts within the specified time range, such as trigger time, app version, alert, rule name, subscriber, and notification method, and the executable operations.

    You can filter data by selecting values from the Rule Type, Rule Name, and Date Range drop-down lists.


## Aggregate analysis

Displays details of all exception within the specified time range and details of exceptions of the current day.

You can filter data by selecting values from the App Version, Date Range, and Error Type drop-down lists. Find the exception and click **Details** in the Operation column. You can view the following information of the exception:

-   **Issue Analysis**

    Displays the number of exceptions on different days in a line chart.

    You can also view call stack analysis and feature analysis.

-   **Crash List**

    Displays basic crash information, crash stack, memory information, storage information, and Consolelog.

-   **Association & Aggregation**

    Displays the associated exceptions, exception states, and executable operations.


## Exception locating

Displays the UTDIDs \(unique device identifier generated by the server\) of top 5, top 10, and top 15 exceptional devices, report time, app version, exception summary, and executable operations within the specified time range in a list.

You can filter data by selecting values from the App Version, Date Range, and Error Type drop-down lists. Find the exception and click the UTDID or the Aggregation Details of **Operation** column. The [Aggregate analysis](#section_d2e_alh_eat) for the exception corresponding to the UTDID appears.

## Alert configurations

When a rule is triggered, the system sends an alert to the specified contact group in specified notification mode. This reminds you to take necessary actions to solve the problem.

The Alert Configuration page contains the System Rules, Custom Rules, and Alert History tabs.

-   **System Rules**: displays the name, condition, notification method, and subscription of each system rule. You can customize the notification method.
-   **Custom Rules**: allows you to add, edit, and subscribe to custom rules.
-   **Alert History**: displays the details of alerts and the actions that can be performed. You can filter data by selecting values from the Rule Type, Rule Name, and Time Range drop-down lists.

## Restore settings

The obfuscation mechanism of app code makes it difficult to trace stacks directly from exception logs. You can find the list of obfuscated content and original information in the **Mapping.txt** file that corresponds to Java code and the **So file** that corresponds to Native code. You can also upload the files on the **Upload Configuration** page. After you upload the files, App Monitoring automatically restores the obfuscated crash stack tracing information to the original information.

